i'm michael geiger jr. goalkeeper otto
hills green bears Michael Geiger has
backstopped the Ottawa hills green bears
soccer team to an undefeated record and
a number one ranking in Division three
in the state of Ohio you know Michael I
think when the best players I've coached
in a very long time REE bear soccer
coach Francis Steve isn't the only coach
at the school that feels that way
Michael Geiger is a cut above and he's a
gentleman a great student he's a
wonderful athlete and you know we were
able to use him in two sports at a very
very high level and he's not kidding I'm
like a tiger junior kicker punter free
safety and my receiver Auto Hill's green
bears you know I've never seen a crew
can balance both football and soccer the
way he does and he's fantastic at both
Geiger says he doesn't love one sport
more than the other
he's been playing soccer since he was
four years old when footballs and peewee
and both ever since they got a little
complicated when he hit ninth grade but
it's all worked out when I hit high
school I had to talk to both coaches and
negotiate if I could play both and
luckily I've been able to play both
however he starts both ways and I
wouldn't take him off the field at all
except that were aware that he's very
important to the soccer team well what's
Coach Stevens think about playing
football he hates it I worried about him
a little bit sometimes out there when
he's around the ball or he's catching
the pass but you know he's a very very
tough kid
not only tough but good he already holds
the school record with a 48-yard field
goal a kick this year he's listed as one
of the top kickers in the nation by
multiple rating services and college
recruiters are filling his mailbox with
letters colleges like Ohio State
Michigan State and Alabama to name a few
but is the two sports star ready to
commit to just one like I've specialized
in that I'm trying probably to play
college as a kicker and according to
coach Hardman that choice is not only
the right choice but could turn out to
be a lucrative one as well you'll be
able to play on Saturday at the very
highest level and to be frank I think
you'll see him kicking on Sundays